code	bilmug	price	49.95	description	Bilbo Mugs	filename	hobbit_mugs.jpg	blurb	Fancy a cup of tea with Bilbo? Sit down, relax and enjoy yourself with these delightful mugs straight from Middle Earth itself. Emblazoned with images from the movie, you will truly believe you have escaped to your very own Hobbit hole to enjoy a mug of your favorite tea or coffee. Need a conversation to go with it? Never fear, we provide two mugs that will let you and a friend enjoy the fantasy of Middle Earth together!
code	golpos	price	14.95	description	Gollum Posters	filename	gollum_poster.jpg	blurb	Are you a fan of that nasty, tricksy, slimy, slithering, Hobbit hating character Gollum? If the answer is yes, bring Gollum right into your lounge room with these two masterfully created posters. Soon to be populating novelty stores at discount rates, why not pick them up now at a premium price, with this exclusive offer!
code	hobboo	price	495.00	description	Hobbit Bookmarks	filename	hobbit_bookmarks.jpg	blurb	Why watch the movies when you can read the books! Curl up with a good book and make use of these artistic bookmarks instead. Not suitable for use with eReaders...
code	hobwig	price	59.95	description	Hobbit Wig	filename	hobbit_wig.jpg	blurb	Have you ever wanted to walk down the street with a shining new haircut just like Bilbos? I know i have, and now, you can too with this ever stylish Hobbit wig. You will be the envy of all your friends.
code	gancos	price	99.95	description	Gandalf Costume	filename	gandalf_costume.jpg	blurb	Enjoy this cult style Gandalf costume, perfect for your little ones. For best effect, buy it for your favorite child, and the others will follow in awe. Every group needs a leader, choose yours today.
code	ganbea	price	79.95	description	Gandalf Beard and Wig	filename	gandalf_wig.jpg	blurb	Enjoy this Gandalf wig and beard set, perfect for those times when you just want to be like an old man! With a past-grey white beard, and matching 70's style hair, stun people into submission with your Gandalf the White costume.
